# PHZE-Coin
PHZE Coin is a Non-Fungible Token purposed for the integration of Blockchain and 5G Technologies into the Cannabis Industry Ecosystem. Serving as a vehicle to raise capital for the advancement of PHZE Technology will in turn add value to the coin.  PHZE Cannabis Network our forward thinking Media/ Tech company on RokuTV is poised to become the epicenter for digital marketers. It is a niche platform created for Cannabis advertisers. Reimagining how broadcasting with 5G Technology infused into cutting-edge systems of the Crypto Industry, can best describe the PHZE model. Our technology is designed to systematically diversify the Cannabis Industry's flow of commerce for goods and services. It's unique data input enhances our digital identity capabilities for Programmatic advertising, allowing cannabis businesses to run effective digital ads on our network and utilize other products that will be offered after transactions with the PHZE Coin. We are fully integrated and pioneering the next phase of wireless commerce coupled with innovative communication devices through broadcast. "Getting skin in the game” by collaborating with established Cannabis brands, finding emerging talent in areas of potential interest in the canna industry will afford PHZE the opportunity to set itself apart from competitors “viral status” by broadcasting original programming like, "Dr. Z", "Cannabis Connoisseur", and “The Cannabis Shopping Network”. Then pairing it with licensed titles such as a “Half Baked”, a “Big Lebowski”, a “How High?”, or how about a timeless favorite like, Cheech and Chong’s, “Up in Smoke” or Ice Cube's "Friday's". We will fill the void in the Cannabis Industry after seed to sale by entertaining, educating, and informing the consumer while remaining compliant.
